Document @cds.java.this.name (#1187)
cap-js/docs: java/cds-data.md

}
```

#### Renaming Types in Java

You might also want to rename the type of the entity. For this you can use annotation `@cds.java.this.name` to specify alternative name for the  accessor interfaces and [static model](./cqn-services/persistence-services#staticmodel) interfaces. This annotation can be used only on definitions and is ignored everywhere else.

See the following example:

```cds
@cds.java.this.name: 'MyJavaClass'
entity Class {
  key ID: String;
}
```

```java
@CdsName("javaNames.Class")
public interface MyJavaClass extends CdsData {
  String ID = "ID";

  @CdsName(ID)
  String id();

  @CdsName(ID)
  MyJavaClass id(String id);

  // rest of the interface
}
```

In contrast with the annotation `@cds.java.name`, the annotation `@cds.java.this.name` does not rename projections of the annotated entity. If you want to rename chain of entities, you must annotate each of them individually.

::: warning

> This feature requires version 8.x of the [CDS Command Line Interface](/tools/cds-cli).

Author: ```suggestion
This feature requires version 8.2.0 of the [CDS Command Line Interface](/tools/cds-cli).
```
